= ktouth-st2

This library analyzes a document with the format in a simple symbol and converts it into HTML and other formats.

For a computer, it is difficult to convert "a sentence written commonly" or "a sentence written by HTML" by mechanical processing.
Those sentences are because they do not have a meaning in a sentence structure, or structure is too complicated.
In this library, I treat "a document written by the format that can express minimum decoration and semantic structure" supposed the use by the diary.
I analyze this document in semantic structure and recognize it and convert it into "a general HTML form" or "a simple HTML form for mobile terminals" or "the plain text that omitted decoration".

== Contributing to ktouth-st2
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Keiichiro Nishi. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

